Auntie, I advise you to accept it as soon as you see it.
Otherwise I won't show you mercy
Just by the way you look at the stars and my daughter
It's not enough for you to die ten thousand times
Ouch, Ye Fanxing
Do you look at your man's sincerity towards you?
You are still unmoved
Yes!
Fanxing Mom was bullied like this by Longjing Street
Why don't you say a word?
What do you do to bring people online?
I can't wait for your master to agree today.
We can finally go back to Ye's house
The family says we go back to the old house
Detailed lesson dad
Really? That's great.
Ye Fanxing Longjingtian
When I inherit the estate
Just get on your knees and beg for mercy
Yes son let's go
Ye Fanxing
Are you the one who wants to be in heat with our Ye family?
Our Ye family doesn't have a daughter like you anymore
What do you mean?
Don't you want to take me back to the old house with you?
Ye Fanxing, otherwise what do you think?
Longjingtian
Aren't you going to take Ye Fanxing with you?
Now we can roll together.
You cross the river and demolish the bridge
It was obviously an opportunity for me and the police
To go back to the old house